American motorcycles from my passion.
We'd make them louder, faster, and lots of chrome.
It wasn't just a bike.
I had a great American sports car.
I had a brand new house.
I had a good job.
Really, I had the American dream.
And I had a great life.
I was always looking for fun,
and I always seemed to find it.
Even though I thought I had everything,
there was still something missing.
The Vietnam War was brewing.
It was raging.
People were dying, and it really bothered me.
When I was six years old,
my aunt, who just became a witness,
she showed me this book.
And there's a picture inside.
I remember so well.
It's a varmageddon.
And that scares a little kid.
I thought, I don't want to be there.
But a few pages later,
there's a picture of the paradise.
I never forgot it.
Now I always thought I wanted to be there someday.
So I thought, maybe my aunt has something.
What have I got to lose?
So I called her and said,
send over some witnesses.
So I had a couple of studies with the brother,
but it didn't really make sense yet.
And my lifestyle hadn't changed.
I was 21 right in my motorcycle,
doing about 75 miles an hour,
because speed limits were for whims.
I hit a park truck.
I nearly died.
And as a result,
I now use this to walk.
Two days prior,
I actually had witnesses over.
But then my aunt invited me to a special talk
given by the Watchtower Society's president
in San Francisco.
And I said, OK, I'll see.
Well, you can remember,
this time the drug culture was in full swing
and it was part of my life, too.
And so I partied,
got home after 2 a.m.,
but I tried something.
I prayed to Jehovah.
I said, if you're real,
if this is true,
give me up in the morning.
Well, at 6 a.m.,
I woke up,
could not sleep,
and I thought,
this is really weird.
And so I thought,
I better go.
So I went with my aunt to this function.
And I thought,
if nothing else,
I'll just check out the chicks.
Hey, I was 21.
But you, when I found,
when I got there,
everybody paid attention.
When they,
brothers said,
to turn to a scripture,
they all turned to that scripture.
It was such a unified group
of harmony,
something that I always wanted.
So I made rapid changes in my life.
I soon qualified to go out
in the public preaching.
Soon after that,
I was baptized
and 6 months later,
I started in the full-time ministry.
And so for over 40 years now,
my wife and I have enjoyed this work
of going door to door
and teaching others the Bible.
In 1998,
I was dignified
with the opportunity
to serve as the Apostle Paul did,
visiting and encouraging congregations.
I've had the chance to do that
in different parts of the United States
as a traveling overseer.
So really, I've gone
from a life of pursuit
of happiness
and never found it.
I tried to make it happen,
but it wasn't there.
Now I have a life of purpose.
I have a family world wide
and I have a secure future.
What's better than that?